<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html lang="en-US" xml:lang="en-US" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
    <title>Editor copyright</title>
    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="css/mobydick.css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id="Editor">
        <h1>Notes from the editor</h1>
        <p>Moby-Dick by Herman Melville is in the public domain.</p>
        <p>See <a href="chapter_140.xhtml">A Note on the Text</a> from editor Margaret Guroff.</p>
        <p>Page numbers shown are from the first American edition, published in 1851.</p>
        <p>All notes in <a href="http://www.powermobydick.com/">"Power Moby-Dick: The Online Annotation"</a> and this ebook edition copyright 2008 by Margaret Guroff.</p>
        <p></p>
        <p>Logo illustration by Rockwell Kent copyright 2005 by the Plattsburgh State Art Museum. Used with permission.</p>
        <p><i>Have a question, suggestion, or comment?  Please <a href="mailto:meg@powermobydick.com">contact us</a>.</i></p>
    </div>
    <div id="SoftwareDeveloper">
        <h1>Notes from the ebook developer</h1>
        <p>The copyrighted notes in this ebook are used by permission of their author, the editor above.</p>
        <p>The resulting ebook is for your personal use. Resale is forbidden. See <a href="http://www.powermobydick.com/">"Power Moby-Dick: The Online Annotation"</a></p>
        <p>The software used to create this ebook is in the public domain, <a href="license.xhtml">licensed under the MIT License</a>.</p>
        <p>The page images in this ebook from Harper &amp; Brothers' 1851 edition are in the public domain.</p>
        <p>The Rockwell Kent illustrations in this ebook from Lakeside Press' 1930 edition are in the public domain.</p>
        <p>The fonts included in this ebook, <a class="dante" href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dante_(typeface)">Dante MT</a> and <a class="charis" href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charis_SIL">Charis SIL</a>, are in the public domain.</p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
